girl girl
What's the matter with you, girl?
What's up?
The little girl was injured and unconscious
No, I'll take her to the hospital
You go to find the little sister
The patient is out of danger
You can go see him first. Okay.
Thank you doctor
Big brother, there was really news from the private person just now.
My sister is in the cafe now.
I'll prepare a gift right away.
You come back quickly too
Give my little sister the grandest gift tomorrow
OK
Now that the little girl is out of danger
I should also rest assured to find my little sister
Coffee last night
Did you do something in there?
Do you have any evidence?
Shut up if you don't
Be careful I sue you for slander
I am already heavy
Got the new surveillance from last night's cafe
Since you don't admit it
Then let's go to the police station
Didn't we break the surveillance?
You finally admitted it.
You blow me up
Tell me who sent you here last night
And who is that person in the hotel?
You want to know?
Come here and I'll tell you.
bitch
Shameless, don't give you some color to see
I'm afraid you don't know how powerful I am